Modify the sample link in #sign-the-cla section (#8057)
kubernetes/community: contributors/guide/README.md

Before you can contribute to Kubernetes, you will need to sign the
[Contributor License Agreement].
The easiest way to do so is to open a PR against the [contributor playground repo](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/contributor-playground), you can find an example PR [here](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/contributor-playground/pull/1389).

> **Note:** kubernetes-sigs/contributor-playground repo is a repository for practicing submitting your first PR, not just for CLA registration. Please write your PR according to the template and submit it as practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** [kubernetes-sigs/contributor-playground](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/contributor-playground) is a repository for practicing submitting your first PR, not just for CLA registration. When creating and submitting a new PR, please write the PR description according to the provided template. Check the above example PR for reference.
```
